subscribe to the last bit of action in
that match this is like magic we live
for match that push you and just make it
better maybe when you lost the protest
did it hurt your momentum at all no no
keys I've got motivates me good got to
get back at it just amazing you
literally drove up sorry you literally
drove him into the bench there at one
point yeah describe that I mean it was
it just happened how does this happen my
feet just can't brownie was in the air
didn't hear the whistle blow I just kept
on goin tell her the whistle thought
about ya but he kept coming back coming
at you but you kept right back at them
too I mean yeah you kind of man if you
like the rest of all I love those
matches matches making veteran it's just
like every restaurateurs wrestle with
matches it's not about it's not about
those easy tax or this easy win so he's
got some card matches make it better vc
matches you had an easy pretty much easy
road you have two cans of food was in 10
seconds yeah went into this final were
you prepared against for such a battle
yeah i was always ready for a war
what I really got I loved it College is
great for I was in the zone the whole
week I'm just ready for it so many
coaches or people you'd want to thank
for you get to this boy not very many
people get out of here with one of these
stuff signs you have all my coach from
Washington Craig Hanson one of my
trading partners Rory MacDonald he's one
of my coaches too and all my friends in
Spokane friends and family they're
watching this right now on a big screen
great I just pointing at this point you
have yet to win a state championship
back in Washington I correct uh yeah I
haven't won a high school state
championship yes so does it feel weird
that your national champion who is yet
to win a state ID in yelling ah so upset
the heavens my freshman year plus 2 over
2 times that's for Tyler and hold all
finals and this year I lost to a
four-time all-american here States else
I respect all the guys i've lost or to
the next star in Washington yeah I guess
so yeah I'm coming up yeah well
congratulations you look great out there
were very very entertaining match you're
gonna go back and watch it yeah watch it
thank you good job